feat(documentation): improve dhall-docs README.md with actual tool state (#1912)
dhall-lang/dhall-haskell: dhall-docs/README.md

This `dhall-docs` package provides a cli utility that takes a dhall package or
file and outputs a HTML documentation of it.

## Features

`dhall-docs` can analyze your Dhall package (essentially a folder with several
`.dhall` files) to generate documentation. Specifically, it:

* Extracts files documentation from "Header" comments (see [Comments format](#comments-format))

> * Wires up navigatable breadcrumbs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Wires up navigable breadcrumbs.
```

Or, maybe clearer:

```suggestion
* The generated documentation includes breadcrumbs to aid navigation.
```

> * Create an `index` for each folder in your package listing the `.dhall` files
>   on that folder alongside the "exported packages" (the contained folders).

Reviewer: "Index" seems like a very normal word to me. No need to highlight it?!

```suggestion
* Create an index for each folder in your package listing the `.dhall` files
  in that folder alongside the "exported packages" (the contained folders).
```

* Extracts examples from assertions.

> * Extracts the type of each Dhall file from the source code and renders it
>   on the `index`es.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Extracts the type of each Dhall file from the source code and renders it
  in the indexes.
```

* Renders the original source code in each Dhall file's documentation.

To see a demo, visit the documentation for the [`Dhall Prelude`](https://hydra.dhall-lang.org/job/dhall-haskell/master/generate-dhall-docs/latest/download/1/docs).

> ## Comments format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Comment format
```

> 

Reviewer: Maybe mention early that the markup format is Markdown.

Currently, there is no defined format for the documentation comments - we only
extract it from the "Header" of the files.

Also, the comment pre-processing is not done right now, so the best way to
write the documentation right now is starting from column 1.

For example. If you write the following:

```dhall
{-  foo
    bar
-}
```

... the markdown preprocessor will parse the second line as a indented codeblock,
which isn't what you'd expect from the tool.

At this moment, we recommend writing it this way:

```dhall
{-
foo
bar
-}
```

> `dhall-docs` currently doesn't supports well single line comments: it just strips
> the first `--`, not the other ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`dhall-docs` currently doesn't support multi-line line comments well: it just strips
the first `--`, not the other ones.
```
